looked at it was beauty that speaks the life and the
video today I'll talk a little about the
second update of September 17
the first topic that in a change of
game they improved until 99 of the
stories that were less commonly used in the
I played together, but she did not.
born little used but think
I believe that it is I am most received
improvements and changes in the last
times always trying to improve
find the right spot to leave the gun
how it is used
in the game in the same way as the others with
a fault serves and now cz occupies the
even important space to 39 have
received is the improvement if it is not
and completely stolen her space
family was better accuracy and reduced
remember
you can see how I said that until
we are now occupying a space that
you'll have to choose between using a
39 or today it has also been
added that new new commands do not
works with map creation not
you can now change the way the
use of crass are born on the map they can
create priorities but this is only
maps used in the games since it was
added is now fixed
he will ask to show the grenades
that seemed during the goal had in that
able to see a style of nothing then
You had 1 hour and only look flashes.
appeared one of them was appearing
the other three and that has now been
corrected but has already created a new bug that
sometimes for a few years do not seem to
player's gun but this is not quiet
appreciated you can change screens and
see the guy with the gun in his hand because the
your sponsored athletes the face has to
You know it 's very important that CS
mainly for sure they are
essential performance as it says en pt
while the visible cowboys can be
with desire of bento
a lot of people are losing a lot and fps
without being able to solve it a bit
performance just messing up sometimes
with another problem improves but
had to stay without any problem
champion years I hope it is not this
time x was denied or the shadow support
dynamics was also improved detection
you follow the performance of
play although it manages to have the radio with
success there can predict if the ideal
and was also pressed multi threaded
re compensation business support that is
very important that will help in the
performance of the game throughout the cycle
games on mac pcs and is water and
position where baby was called to say
keep the personal position understood by
that the guy calls the ball by the region but
We call it a water heater in
Portuguese on fire and even
steeple by xuxa yes no it will not
affect our business here and it was
showing up I will take advantage of you here
The max reinert website alleged that max
come if you company adopts two you
will know the must know the site
meter it does the analysis of the pets all
the pets doc go there take the photo by photo
It will putting what has changed is
you compare the before then and the nexus
started to make that goal right with the help
of the average clay has been doing pretty cool
you can not enter his site later
update will take a while
to make your site your own but already believe
follow everything right
detail by detail for English then the
images can still see can not
understand a little site yet
it was just that same today's video more
once since I'll already be small
also possible that the military operation
is ending on October 2 the cause
to decide which decision they want
increase her request but that's it
guys too come back for sessions for us
are already open
application to postpone you if you
sign up and will now be helping
take the jetta france team right
The Falem team did in phoenix and Lucas the
ex-corporal want to go to france then
need your help so help yourself
enroll in next month
beauty is more information can send and
mail to us we will respond and it is
that's right
earned guys have to watch is the
next video